And so we talked all night about the rest of our lives
Where we're gonna be when we turn 25
Keep thinking times will never change
Keep on thinking things will always be the same (Be the same)
But when we leave this year we won't be coming back
No more hanging out cause we're on a different track
And if you got something that you need to say
You better say it right now cause you don't have another day (Another day)
'Cause we're moving on and we can't slow down
These memories are playing like a film without sound
And I keep thinking of that night in June
I didn't know much of love, but it came too soon (Came too soon)
And there was me and you, and then we got real blue
Stay at home talking on the telephone with me
We'd get so excited, we'd get so scared
Laughing at ourselves thinking life's not fair
And this is how it feels
As we go on
We remember
All the times we
Had together
And as our lives change
Come whatever
We will still be
Friends forever
So if we get the big jobs, and we make the big money
When we look back now, will our jokes still be funny?
Will we still remember everything we learned in school?
Still be trying to break every single rule (Every rule)
Will little brainy Bobby be the stockbroker man?
Can Heather find a job that won't interfere with a tan?
I keep, I keep thinking that it's not goodbye (Goodbye)
Keep on thinking it's a time to fly
And this is how it feels
As we go on
We remember
All the times we
Had together
And as our lives change
Come whatever
We will still be
Friends forever
La, la, la, la...
We will still be friends forever
Will we think about tomorrow like we think about now?
Can we survive it out there?
Can we make it somehow? (Somehow)
I guess I thought that this would never end
And suddenly, it's like we're women and men
Will the past be a shadow that will follow us 'round?
Will these memories fade when I leave this town?
I keep, I keep thinking that it's not goodbye (It's not goodbye)
Keep on thinking it's a time to fly
As we go on (Ooh)
We remember (We remember)
All the times we
Had together
And as our lives change
Come whatever (Come whatever)
We will still be (We will always be friends)
Friends forever
As we go on (As we go on)
We remember (Yeah)
All the times we (Yeah)
Had together (Ooh)
And as our lives change
Come whatever (Come whatever)
We will still be (Hey, yeah)
Friends forever